Use recommended documentation IP ranges (#21599)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

      * `--feature-gates="IPv6DualStack=true"`

{{< note >}}

> An example of an IPv4 CIDR: `192.0.2.0/24`. Choose a private IP range as described in [RFC1918](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1918).

Reviewer: I'm usually OK with using RFC1918 / AS112 address space in documentation, because the risk of that being a real IP address assigned to someone isn't there.

```suggestion
An example of an IPv4 CIDR: `192.0.2.0/24`. For IPv4, Kubernetes is designed to work with private network ranges, so you should assign a private IP range as described in [RFC1918](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1918). If you want workloads to access to the public internet, you also configure NAT.
```

What do you think?
